I don't know, Nick.
You're the accountant.
- These books...
- Yeah, I know.
- Hello?
- I'm not sure.
Hello, there! Excuse me!
I just wonder if... Hel...
It'll be different this time.
Honestly.
The accounts are in order.
OK. I'll see you in an hour. OK. Bye.
- Now...
- Those books, how much?
- Hm?
- The leather-bound books.
The Collected Works
of Charles Dickens.
- They're real leather?
- They're real Dickens.
I have to know because
they have to go with a sofa.
Everything else in my house is real.
I'll give you 200.
Are they leather-bound pounds?
- No.
- They won't go with my wallet.
Next!
- Hello!
- Hello.
I need The Little Book of Calm,
do you have it?
I'm late for work. Uh, Calm...
Er, is this it?
No, no, it's just...
Too big, too big.
Little... just little...
- This one, this?
- No! No, calm.
- The Little Book of Calm.
- Er, this?
That's the one! Yes!
- Two-fifty.
- Two-fifty...
- Could...
- I'll just get you a bag.
No, no - no bag, just the book!
- I'll do you a receipt.
- No, that's fine!
It's broken. I'll write one.
Little...
I'll do it!
Calm, two-fifty. Thank you.
(Muttering frantically)
"Let-let-let go once in a while,
"you are a loose lily
floating down an amber river."
(Sighs)
Sorry. I hate my job.
What a strange man.
Right, the shop is closed!
Everybody get out!
- Time to go home! Come on!
- It's only quarter to three.
Yes, but it's my shop!
Come on, go home! Bye-bye!
- It's hardly fair.
- It's not fair at all. Get out!
- I expect better service...
- Expect away. Bye-bye!
Come on, you time-wasting bastards!
Back on the streets!
Goodbye! Thank you! Bye-bye-bye!
Back to reality. Thank you!
(Mechanical knocking)
- Bernard, do you want this?
- What is it?
- It's a thing.
- Is it?
- Yes.
- What does it do?
- It's very in.
- You don't know, do you?
It's very now.
Will you mind the shop?
I have to see my accountant.
Will you get an assistant
so I don't have to keep doing this?
OK, but you have to do the same
for me the day after tomorrow.
OK. Why?
- You know Julie?
- Yeah.
They're inducing the baby and...
she's asked me to be birth partner.
Ugh.
There'll be a lot
of blood and shouting and...
No, I'll just get drunk.
In fact, she'll be on drugs,
I'll be drunk...
it'll be just like the old days.
OK, have a nice time. Bye.
Hello?
I do sell a lot of wank, don't I?
So, show me your new filing system,
Bernard.
This is March...
...to, er... Oobely-boo.
This is... Misc...
And-and-and the rest are,
er... Other.
Other what?
Other backdated weeks, is it?
No. Other...
times.
So it goes This Week,
Very Recent, and...
All Other Times.
Help me out here, Bernard,
what does All Other Times cover?
I don't know, Nick! I'm not...
Wonder Woman.
This new system is closely modelled
on the old system, isn't it?
I'd go further than that.
I'd say it was exactly the same.
Except...
No, it's the same.
I just sort of lied
on the phone, Nick. I lied.
Well...
- (Did you hear that?)
- What? What?
Oh, nothing. You're lucky I'm so...
accommodating.
Other accountants might...
(Phone)
Hello? Yes, Jane. Oh, right.
OK, yeah, mm-hm.
(Whirring)
- I've just got to pop off.
- What, now?
Yeah, see you soon, all right? Bye.
He's always one step ahead!
The cat has left the basket.
The cat has left the basket!
(Sirens)
Mmm. Yeah, it's flying.
I'm right on it.
It'll be in the pipe soon.
The best thing is if I...
You...
Manny... What's that you're eating?
Soup?
Yes.
It's extra-chunky.
- What's in it?!
- Chunks.
Should I be doing something?
I have the Gleason accounts -
I would've e-mailed them
but I had a... a lot of clink on...
the stuffer... expander,
and, er... plug went in some Tizer.
Look, just shape up
or ship out, all right?
(Phone)
Eh? Hi, yih.
Yuh.
(Muffled)
Yeah, I'm chasing up the, er...
...the company account.
"Visualise the ocean."
(Yelling)
Oh, a calm ocean, right.
Right, we've got to get
Friday's invoices in.
OK, yeah. Here I come.
- (Choking)
- What is it?
(Choking)
It's my Little Book of Calm...
I've swallowed
my Little Book of Calm!
(Siren wailing)
Is it some kind of bald Furby?
Bernard! Early closing? How'd it go?
Nick the accountant...
Nick the accountant... is a fugitive!
- I'm not doing my accounts!
- Why?
You can stick it up your arse!
Bernard, you'll have
to do them yourself. It's easy.
Yeah, give it... give it a go.
I'm sure I could muddle along.
WHAT? WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?!
THE WHAT?!
"If you live in a council flat
beside a river but are not blind..."
WHAT?!
"What is your mother's maiden name?"
What's her first name?!
I just knew her as Ma!
Ma - that'll have to do.
Ma.
Possibly deceased.
"Did your non-returnable outgoings
for the first half of the year
"exceed your deductions
for quarterly VAT returns?"
Right, that's all my socks paired.
Back to the accounts.
OK.
"Did your non-returnable outgoings
for the first half of the year
"exceed your deductions
for quarterly VAT returns?"
Hello, Ma? It's Bernard.
No, nothing's wrong.
I don't need an excuse
to call my mother, do I?
I know, I am, yeah. I know.
Yes. Yes. I will.
I know. Ha. Yes.
Yes! I know.
Yeah. OK.
Goodbye, I have to do my tax!
"Did your
non-returnable outgoings..."
- (Knock at door)
- Thank Christ!
Yes?
Could we talk to you about Jesus?
Great! Come in!
- What?
- I'd love to hear about Jesus!
Come on in!
- Er, are you sure?
- Yes! In, in! Come in!
It's a trick!
It's just... generally
people don't say yes.
I'm not people -
come on in, let's talk beliefs!
Come in, come in. Grab a pew.
Right, let's go.
Well... to be honest
we've never actually...
thought this far ahead.
It's, uh, it's nice in here.
Indoors.
What's your favourite story
about, er... Our Lord?
Money lenders,
it has to be the money lenders.
- Chasing them out of the temple.
- It is knock-out stuff.
- And yourself?
- Well, it's all good.
I suppose when he rescued...
when Jesus rescued the Samaritan.
No, that's a story Jesus tells
about the Samaritan
who helps somebody else.
Really? Wow.
I like the one where he went
to dinner with the tax collector.
And do you have any literature
or... anything I could look at?
Oh, yes!
Those books and magazines!
(Both) Books and magazines!
(Beeping)
Ah, there you are.
Time for my results?
It's bad news, I'm afraid, Mr Bianco.
The Little Book of Calm
is lodged between
the small intestine and the pancreas.
If it rotates a centimetre left,
you'll be dead in seconds.
- Oh, my God...
- No, hold on a moment.
The other possibility,
and this is more likely,
is that the Little Book of Calm
will move into the renal canal.
If this happens, you could live
for anything up to...
ten years, one year, who knows?
Because of the massive scarring
caused by the book, however,
- you could be in great pain...
- Oh, my... Sorry.
...during that time
- Oh, my God!
- (Beeping)
- Sorry, I have to go.
We'll operate tomorrow.
There's a good chance
you'll survive - 30% I'd say -
so try not to worry.
As the book itself says...
um, "Whenever
you're in a tight spot,
"try to imagine being marooned
on a beautiful desert island."
So he said that because
no one's without sin, right?
Yeah, that's what he...
But it was hidden.
So it's like God and Jesus
are the one thing?
Yes. Are you sure you won't stay?
No, really, we have to go,
it's very late.
OK, whatever.
- Call again though, yeah?
- Oh, yes, yes.
Yeah, yeah...
- Goodbye.
- Yeah, later.
Bernard?
Finished with your accounts?
Yeah. I've turned them
into a rather smart casual jacket.
Bernard!
I mean, it is a very nice jacket,
but what about your accounts?
I don't know! Will you do them?
Oh, you've got that wrong for
a start - you divide by ten there.
Oh - no, no, no,
I'm not doing this.
I have to give all my attention
to being Julie's birth partner.
Oh! Look, look!
There's something on the side!
15.99. Oh, no, I wrote that.
What am I gonna do?
Who's gonna help me?
(Doctor) Mr Bianco,
back with us at last.
There's been a... complication.
You see, we went in
to remove the book and, um...
Well, in medical terms, it's gone.
To put it another way,
it's not there.
I don't know how this happened.
The only explanation
is that you assimilated it
into your system,
which is impossible.
How do you feel?
Add a drop of lavender
to your bath,
and soon,
you will soak yourself calm.
I'm sorry?
If you want to feel calm,
eat more raw fruit and vegetables,
yoghurt, milk and seeds.
Er, maybe I should
let you get some rest.
When you rest, you are a king
surveying your estate.
Look at the woodland,
the peacocks on the lawn.
Be the king of your own calm kingdom.
Uh... Yes.
- I've got it!
- I'm doing them!
I know what this is -
it's for giving up sugar.
Yeah, that's exactly what it's not.
No, that's absurd, isn't it?
What's this - blah blah
blah blah blah blah
yah yah blah blah...
"Exemption clause,
"person suffering from short
or long-term injury or sickness
"may defer their returns..."
Wait..."Person suffering from short
or long-term injury or sickness
"may defer their returns..."
(Laughs)
No, no, give it up, Bernard. You'd
have to really cripple yourself.
You're hardly gonna do that
just to avoid doing accounts.
- This is on special offer.
- Really?
Yes, it's free if you break my legs.
- Fair enough.
- Great!
- I'll get the hobbling post.
- Wait, I've read this.
That's the problem with Wodehouse.
Yes, now break my legs.
But I've read it! No, I'm sorry.
What is this?! Have you any idea
what the hell this is?
(PA) 'Would the birth partner
of Julie Williams
'please report to delivery room one.'
(Choir) # Gloria!
# Gloria! #
(Woman yelling)
Where's my birth partner?!
I can't do this
without my birth partner!
- Where is she?!
- Julie, we can't find her.
We've been calling her all day.
When you're feeling under pressure,
do something different.
Roll up your sleeves
or eat an orange.
# Gloria!
# Gloria! #
(Dog barking)
(Car alarm bleeping)
(Alarm stops)
Is it some kind of fake breast?
You know, that dads wear?
- What are you talking about?
- You know, for babies.
Ba...
Babies. Oh, my God - Julie!
Oh!
Be on the lookout
for things that make you laugh.
If you see nothing worth laughing at,
pretend you see it, then laugh.
(Mutters)
(Man) Oi! Hairy!
What you lookin' at?
Have you ever noticed a calm
person with a loud voice?
Try and speak softly once in a while.
Add a dab of lavender to milk,
leave town with an orange
and pretend you're laughing at it.
Oi! You lot, you better clear off,
I have to do a few...
I have to... Oh! Skinheads! Perfect!
- Do you think you're funny?
- What happened?
Looking for another slap, are ya?
Another slap?
Which one of you bitches
wants to dance?
Hey, when you're doing the usual
sort of threesome of a weekend
and the moonlight's bouncing off
your heads and arses,
is that not confusing?
Right. Look, this is you, OK?
# Tra-la-la la-la
la-la la-la... #
Millwall, that's the one.
Do you know this chant?
Millwall, Millwall,
you're all really dreadful,
and your girlfriends
are unfulfilled and alienated.
(# Choir)
Hmm?
Uhh?
(Whimpering)
(Slapping gently)
Are you in pain?
Not enough! Where have they gone?!
They got tired and went away.
Er, why... why did you do that?
That was so incredible,
the way you just...
kept letting them
punch you and... Thank you.
I'm injured, I don't have to do
my accounts. You're a witness.
- (Knock at door)
- I could do your accounts.
- What?
- I'm an accountant. I was.
- It's the least I could do.
- You mean you could do more?
- Yeah.
- Could I have a glass of wine?
- OK.
- And a ham sandwich?
- If you like.
- With pickle?
All right.
(Both yell)
Right, you get started on that
and I'll begin the...
business of the day.
Car won't start.
Cab number, cab number.
Got to get to Julie...
(Screams)